Kotlin/Wasm going beta doc updates (#5049)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/wasm/wasm-get-started.md

[//]: # (title: Get started with Kotlin/Wasm and Compose Multiplatform)

<primary-label ref="beta"/> 

This tutorial demonstrates how to run a [Compose Multiplatform](https://www.jetbrains.com/lp/compose-multiplatform/) 

> app with [](wasm-overview.md) in IntelliJ IDEA and generate artifacts to publish on a site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
app with [](wasm-overview.md) in IntelliJ IDEA and generate artifacts to publish as part of a website.
```

"Site" in English seems a little too general for me, but that's a nitpick.

## Create a project

1. [Set up your environment for Kotlin Multiplatform development](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/kotlin-multiplatform-dev/quickstart.html#set-up-the-environment).
2. In IntelliJ IDEA, select **File | New | Project**.
3. In the panel on the left, select **Kotlin Multiplatform**.

   > If you're not using the Kotlin Multiplatform IDE plugin, you can generate the same project using the [KMP web wizard](https://kmp.jetbrains.com/?web=true&webui=compose&includeTests=true).
   >
   {style="note"}

4. Specify the following fields in the **New Project** window:

   * **Name:** WasmDemo
   * **Group:** wasm.project.demo
   * **Artifact:** wasmdemo

   > If you use the web wizard, specify "WasmDemo" as Project Name and "wasm.project.demo" as Project ID.
   >
   {style="note"}

> 5. Select the **Web** target. Make sure that no other options are selected.

Reviewer: Right now there's already a "Share UI" switch for the web target, the screenshot and instructions should be updated to account for this.

6. Click **Create**.

   ![Kotlin Multiplatform wizard](wasm-kmp-wizard.png){width=600}

## Run the application

Once the project loads, select **composeApp [wasmJs]** in the list of run configurations and click **Run**.

![Run the Compose Multiplatform app on web](compose-run-web-black.png){width=300}

> The web application opens automatically in your browser. Alternatively, you can type the following URL in your browser when the run is finished:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The web application opens automatically in your browser. Alternatively, you can open the following URL in your browser when the run is finished:
```

```shell
   http://localhost:8080/
```
> The port number can vary because the 8080 port may be unavailable.

> > You can find the actual port number in the Gradle build console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can find the actual port number in the output of the Gradle build.
```

>
{style="tip"}

> You see a "Click me!" button. Click it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the "Click me!" button:
```

![Click me](wasm-composeapp-browser-clickme.png){width=600}

> Now you see the Compose Multiplatform logo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It reveals the Compose Multiplatform logo:
```

![Compose app in browser](wasm-composeapp-browser.png){width=600}

## Generate artifacts

> Generate your project's artifacts to publish on a site:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate your project's artifacts to publish on a website:
```

1. Open the **Gradle** tool window by selecting **View** | **Tool Windows** | **Gradle**.
2. In **wasmdemo** | **Tasks** | **kotlin browser**, select and run the **wasmJsBrowserDistribution** task.

>    > You need at least Java 11 as your Gradle JVM for the tasks to load successfully.

Reviewer: I think we recommend at least Java 17 for Compose Multiplatform, let's mention it here? So that it doesn't look that Java 11 is a satisfactory baseline for the whole thing. "You need at least Java 11 <...>, and we recommend at least Java 17 for Compose Multiplatform projects in general."

   >
   {style="note"}

   ![Run the Gradle task](wasm-gradle-task-window-compose.png){width=400}

   Alternatively, you can run the following command in the terminal from the `WasmDemo` root directory:

    ```bash
    ./gradlew wasmJsBrowserDistribution
    ```

Once the application task completes, you can find the generated artifacts in the `composeApp/build/dist/wasmJs/productionExecutable`
directory:

![Artifacts directory](wasm-composeapp-directory.png){width=400}

## Publish the application

Use the generated artifacts to deploy your Kotlin/Wasm application. 
Select a hosting platform of your preference

> and follow the instructions to publish the artifacts. 

Reviewer: I feel there's a disconnect here — the user has to analyze the artifacts by themselves and then figure out which instructions to follow. Can we help here at all? Or is it supposed to be self-evident for anyone who's even working with Wasm? The tutorial seems fairly beginner-friendly up to this point.

Some options are:

* [GitHub pages](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/creating-a-github-pages-site#creating-your-site)
* [Cloudflare](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/)

> * [Apache HTTP Server](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/getting-started.html)

Reviewer: Apache HTTP Server does not sound like a hosting platform :)

[//]: # (title: Get started with Kotlin/Wasm and Compose Multiplatform)

<primary-label ref="beta"/> 

This tutorial demonstrates how to run a [Compose Multiplatform](https://www.jetbrains.com/lp/compose-multiplatform/) 
app with [](wasm-overview.md) in IntelliJ IDEA and generate artifacts to publish on a site.

## Create a project

1. [Set up your environment for Kotlin Multiplatform development](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/kotlin-multiplatform-dev/quickstart.html#set-up-the-environment).
2. In IntelliJ IDEA, select **File | New | Project**.
3. In the panel on the left, select **Kotlin Multiplatform**.

>    > If you're not using the Kotlin Multiplatform IDE plugin, you can generate the same project using the [KMP web wizard](https://kmp.jetbrains.com/?android=true&ios=true&iosui=compose&desktop=true&web=true&includeTests=true).

Author: Changed the link to get only the web option selected.

   >
   {style="note"}

4. Specify the following fields in the **New Project** window:

   * **Name:** WasmDemo
   * **Group:** wasm.project.demo
   * **Artifact:** wasmdemo

   > If you use the web wizard, specify "WasmDemo" as Project Name and "wasm.project.demo" as Project ID.
   >
   {style="note"}

5. Select the **Web** target. Make sure that no other options are selected.
6. Click **Create**.

   ![Kotlin Multiplatform wizard](wasm-kmp-wizard.png){width=600}

## Run the application

> 1. Open the **Gradle** tool window by selecting **View** | **Tool Windows** | **Gradle**.

Reviewer 2: Could be done separately (if so, please file an issue): 
Normally, there should be a run configuration, and I think it should be a default way we use in the docs.
